a man of multiple talents he's been on
TV since before he was born
season 3 of his great show Ozark is on
Netflix now say hello to Jay Bay Jason
Bateman everybody hi Jason
are we doing this right now or is this
just a rehearsal this is for a hearse
one and then we'll do it for real
because I got to get in wardrobe the
makeup done I'm enjoying your hair it
really has taken full command of your
head please know I haven't showered for
you this first shower in four weeks but
you're usually a very hygienic person
yes I am
so this hasn't been super uncomfortable
for me as far as the extra steps one
needs to go to to comply with you know
the hygiene request the hand washing and
the spring coming from somebody about to
sneeze I've got all those can you have a
hand-washing ritual that you can share
with us
I well 20 seconds is not a problem for
me for starters the the big one that
that I incorporated was and I learned
this from mr. Leonardo DiCaprio and what
do you call it movie the Howard Hughes
movie where he he scrapes his hands with
his fingernails while in the so that you
get the soap underneath the fingernails
it's it's it's it's pretty genius so you
are taking your hand-washing tips from
an actor who is channeling a lunatic a
recluse someone who went died insane and
who had famously long fingernails and
which you know my fingernails actually
are getting pretty pretty gross long too
because I don't I don't clip them I
start I started with a chew and then I
do a very elegant peel hello but I'm not
putting my fingers in my mouth so I've
got almost four weeks of growth
I'm not shown to you you're like cardi B
Jason I get that all the time
how's the family doing I'm not sure I've
been pretending to be positive for three
weeks just to stay away from them no
they're doing great I don't know if you
remember this but last time you're on
the show when we were in a studio with
an audience and all that stuff you'd
said something to the effect of that
you'd ruin the Easter Bunny for your
older daughter Franny and he made her
promise not to tell your younger
daughter maple how did that go on Easter
that's right exactly yeah that was so
that was Sunday
it was it was great yeah Franny Franny
has done great she has not mentioned
anything maple is still she still is
convinced that you know four-pound bunny
can carry you know eight pounds worth of
candy and chocolate the two baskets into
the house but she did tell me to keep an
eye out for the bunny kiff she's pretty
convinced she saw him before she's going
to bed last year so as I was putting her
to bed on Sunday she said if you see him
wake me up so I do feel like this is
this is the last year oh she saw him
last year so you either need to call an
exterminator or the police yes she said
I said well what did he look like she
said well he was taller than you he was
like a man in a bunny suit I said he was
walking around downstairs she said yeah
you are you helping the kids with
homework because of you as we know were
a kid actor an actor since you were very
young you never learned to read or write
you were on those sets that weren't even
schools they were really just like labor
factories yes yeah so yeah needless to
say I'm having trouble teaching my
eight-year-old second grade it's amazing
I don't know long division difficult I'm
great with art I'm great with setting up
the zoom sessions aha good - change of
background I do know how to do that I
don't feel like that really hurt you in
any way because well you want an Emmy
for Best Director which is fantastic and
very exciting Ozark you know people will
say to me what are you watching and we
love Ozark and it's one of the great
shows and I'll say oh you should watch
Ozark and they always say yeah yeah I
watched it already so everyone seems to
be watching it season 3 has a hundred
percent with the top critics on Rotten
Tomatoes did you know that pretend you
didn't say that again it's got a hundred
percent positive on I know you don't
really check that out but anything to do
except continually refresh Tomatoes our
job is just to stay home I feel like
that's that's the least we can do for
sure and we are going to talk about
charity in a moment also when we come
back I'm gonna give you a little quiz
you know I'm obsessed with your youth
and all the TV shows that you were in
and I was watching so I'm gonna give you
a little quiz to see if you remember as
much about Jason Bateman as I do all
right Jason Bateman is with us we'll be
right back you've been on TV for what 75
years yes it's the recess a long time
some of those projects were very
successful others were not so now we're
gonna play a game called was I in it I
will read the description of a show or
TV movie you tell me if you were in it
all right
and bonus points if you could remember
the character's name yes a teenage scam
artist lives in a Van Nuys apartment
with his older sister and widowed mother
that's that's it's your move and his
name's Matthew Burton and he loves a
good point that's right love that show
that was one of my favorites next the
successful lawyer quits his job to
become a teacher yeah
was in it was called the Jake effect so
I'm gonna say his first name might have
been Jake not-not-not great on the last
name good enough that's correct
a gay mild-mannered writer lives in
Greenwich Village with his straight and
at first homophobic roommate were you in
it you bet you Jimmy that was some of my
best friends was taken from the film
kiss me Guido Danny Nucci there played
the heterosexual I was the homosexual
when I auditioned for it I asked the
casting director would they like me to
read in some sort of a very flamboyant
way they said no you're gay enough just
come on in you remember your name
no Warren Fairbanks two guys named Mike
whoo the same girl were you in no that's
a show we made up called two guys named
Mike a Wall Street stockbroker who loses
his job shows up at his brothers New
Jersey auto repair shop looking for a
new lease on life where you win it black
sheep was the name of it you played
Jonathan Kelley a Wall Street
stockbroker loses his job and his wife
and finds himself in Harlem sharing a
tenement apartment with his simple
brother simple so it was a that was a
hint it was called Simon and yes there
he is Harlan William now my name was I
want to know his name was Simon what was
my name Carl hempel you were Carl
you see I knew her outside high maple
watch out for rodents oh there she goes
all right one more here we go a teenage
musician goes on the run from killers
and the police when he returns home to
find his house empty and his family gone
you're pulling from a lot from the bill
payer side of the ledger this was called
crossing the mob I think or
no yeah moving target or lessening the
mod was probably next not only do we
have we have a clip from moving target
here we go
then Toby Kellogg's been away from his
family while I was gone they moved he's
being chased by the cops and hunted but
a mob and he's gotta find his family
before a killer does where's my family
jason bateman is a moving target monthly
after out Jason you've chosen as your
charity tonight I'll be making a
donation to direct relief which is not
an antacid
what is direct relief Jason for the
frontline workers in medicine it gets
them more stuff to keep them safe
excellent go to direct relief org thank
you Jason Bateman his show is Ozark will
there be a season for can you say I
think chances are decent and we should
know soon but you everybody keep your
fingers crossed for world health and
season four please Jason Bateman thank
you Jason we'll be right back